# Marriage-Hall-Booking-System-using-nosql
In this project, we have built a Marriage hall booking system which is an online hall booking website where the user can see different types of halls available as per their comfort and choice. The main aim of this project is computerization of all process which happens during hall booking. This project includes 4 main pages which include home page, portfolio, halls and booking page. We will be organizing three kinds of events which are engagement day, Wedding day and reception day. In order to book the hall you have to first login and before login you have to register and while registering they will ask you for some personal details like your name and email. All the information which you are providing will directly go to the database hall booking under a collection named registers and password is hashed using bcrypt so it cannot be decrypted back and it’s safe if the database get hacked. Also we have used jwt authentication which is SON Web Token (JWT) is a JSON encoded representation of a claim(s) that can be transferred between two parties. The claim is digitally signed by the issuer of the token, and the party receiving this token can later use this digital signature to prove the ownership on the claim. After login the booking page will appear and you can book your halls via there. After booking all the information will be provided to the database in the collection named user and will be directed to the home page. We have also created portfolio page so you can get a glimpse of wedding which we have organized earlier.
